A hybrid BiLSTM approach has been pursued in this paper to analyze text, a mixture of both human and aritificially written, to assess the likelihood of human recognizable patterns.
A custom dataset, gathered from reviews and op-eds in the topic of fast fashion was built. 
 A single-modal hyperfocused approach has not been suitable to carry out the prescribed task, with resilient frameworks in great vogue to handle hybrid, varied linguisitc features. 
The sheer scale and speed at which one could obtain swathes of prose, once which required hours of natural thought has been unprecedented. 
Be it fashion which we have chosen as our topic of interest, or any other industry, one finds it challenging in academic pursuits to create authentic text. 
Checks and balances are symbiotic to unregulated fes- tering of fraudulent creations and actions. 
Perturbation, zero- shot systems training, and encoders that utilise the much coveted transformers are the current state of the art of authorship verification
Fashion was a suitable choice to train and analyze, for it car- ried a corpus laden with flair, emotion, sentiment and opinion patterns that would pose a challenge to generalized detectors. 
We explored a specialized integration of linguistic analysis with neural network for traversing pitfalls in AI text detection transparently. 
To be able discern what fundamentally segments human and machine writing was our endgame. 
Our approach explicitly defines and extracts features that are key to understanding patterns, creating a detection system optimized for domain specificity.
Contemporary Detection Pipelines studied multitudes of datasets, with findings not reaching any broad consensus due to the multiple facets of quality, grammar, syntax, verbal brevity, making a generalized universal detector all the more challenging to develop. 
He et al. worked on massive transformer architectures, mDeBERTa being notable in performing admirably in multi- lingual contexts. 
Petropoulos et al. explored RoBERTa and BiLSTM se- tups, observing that complementary models that walk the path of either attention or sequence capture exclusive information, a combination of which could increase meaningful conclusions.
Binoculars by Hans et al. operated by perplexing language models, detecting AI text without prior examples.
Perturbation methods also matter, DetectGPT  and FastDetectGPT bring to light that machine-generated text occupies a clique in the logarthmic probability space. 
We attempt to bring about a novel undetaking through: Highlighting emotion and opinion through the subject of fast fashion, Create a hybrid BiLSTM model with multitudes of linguistic features.
ALso we maintain the model clear to interpret and understand the decision-making process behind analysis and conclu- sions conducted.  
Dataset Curation A corpus sampling excerpts from human written fashion articles, product descriptions, and industry reports, corresponding generations by Sonnet 4.5 and GPT-4 using fashion- specific prompts.
Linguistic Features Features for stylistic segmentation were extracted using textstat and custom regex.