Sustainable Management of Land, Water and Energy Resources 
INTRODUCTION
Economic prosperity is inextricably bound to the utilization of resources in their respective associative industries; land water and energy being the pillars driving fiscal growth. 
The rampant exponential trajectories seen in rising populations, has thus shot demand for processing and supply of these essential resources. 
Thus arises sustainable management, with an ethos founded on efficient, responsible delivery to meet present needs. 
The now global truth becoming widely acknowledged being that we haven't inherited resources from our forefathers, merely borrowed the earth from future generations involves adopting practices aimed at ecological equilibrium, mindful productivity, bring environmental degradation to a minima.
Land, quite literally being the foundation of the commerce associated with resources demands heeding soil fertility, erosion, and biodiversity conservation. 
In a similar vein of flow, do water resources also warrant equitable, sustainable extraction and usage of water supplies. 
Energy management and auditing under the umbrella of sustainable management focuses on the reduced dependence on energy that is non-renewably produced, thereby promoting renewable sources, thus leading to energy efficiency. 
CHALLENGES FACED IN THE SUSTAINABLE MANAGEMENT OF LAND, WATER AND ENERGY RESOURCES
Existing hurdles hindering sustainable management are multi-faceted, covering majorly the bureaucracy, technical progress and public sensitivity.
Unchecked consumption, rampant production, felling of eons of ecological structures without the foresight of the sheer disruption caused to the natural order of the earth, outdated glacial progress of spirited action toward resource management has led to hazardous natural and human-made disasters affecting lives at a catastrophic scale.
Normalized environments where struggle, a barebone survival mindset towards demographics, young and old exposed to drastic realities are showing an upturn across rural and urban societies alike. 
Rehabilitation becomes the call in case of policy failure, indicating allocation of lack of financial resources for restoring degraded land, such emergency interventions could become commonplace practice, water cuts and outages in energy supply being effects of managerial culprits. 
Competition for the provision for basic amenities increases in such environments, creating stress amongst allocated and available resources, indicating further need for a coordinated policy, innovative technology, and active participation to secure ecological and economic well-being.